It's been 3 weeks since I put a stop to everything and started taking medication. My life is messy and always has been, and my eternal effort to navigate chronic confusion will always be. Since I'm entering a "new" chapter of my life, it is only fitting to put a quick recap up here and recount the progress I have made during the first half of my gap year.
## \[ ] khỏe không?

This is my usual conversation starter, a quick query about someone's well-being. If an acquaintance, they'll describe their physical health or tell me about what happened in their lives lately. If a close friend, they'll know I'm also asking about their mental health, so their answers will in two part. They'll tell me how well their body has been keeping up, and also how well kept together their mentality has been.
## I've never asked myself that question...in either languages.

I am bilingual, and that's a claim I proudly make, though it's nothing of particular significance in this day and age. English has almost become my first language because of how much I use it each and every day. I say almost because I live in Vietnam and Vietnamese is still the language I have to use to communicate with people, and my IELTS Speaking band stops at an almost embarrassing score. One question that I very frequently ask myself everyday, in either languages, is:
## What do I do today?

For the past 21 years I have been trying to find something to keep my mind occupied, be it work, play, relationships, or anything else. I would wake up, sometime with valiant effort, have breakfast, then often anxiously ask myself: what would I do today? No, not Phineas-and-Ferb style, but more like existentially anxious looking style because what I define myself to be depends on what I do that day. Sometimes, it got so bad I just spent the whole day fidgeting and trying to "do something" and then feel bad about myself because I just spent the whole day fidgeting and not doing anything of significance. Sometimes, things got out of hand and I felt strongly guilty because nothing was done. Then I continued to be anxious the next day and failed to do anything, and the vicious cycle repeats.
## Just do something.

My dad is also a person who is always doing something. He's never free. I have never seen him sitting back and relaxed, both literally and figuratively. He always has something on hand. People say I took after my dad in that regards, and in the last 6 months at least, the people were correct. I took an IELTS test, I joined a frisbee camp and 3 frisbee clubs, almost got a teaching assistant job, got a job at 2 English centers, tutored 2 students, made [oodles of new friends](https://youtu.be/V4tC-HiQ6pw?si=YJOp-_gtlxyt3Wl9&t=67), started a git repo, made 2 websites, wrote a game review, moved house twice, made and spent a lot of money, bought new glasses, got earrings, got sick thrice, drew lots of doodles, watched Carol and The End Of The World, bought a new phone, furnished a house, did a job interview, went to Nha Trang, participated in 3 frisbee tournaments, found 3 music albums, bought May a lot of comics and chocolate, completed 2 video games, improved a relationship, perhaps ruined one, talked to my family a lot, got diagnosed with clinical depression, and welcomed 3 friends visiting Da Nang, all in the span of 6 months...
## ...and still I think to myself: I haven't done anything worthwhile.

It's...a disease of mine. No, I truly believe so. Very often I would belittle myself despite my best efforts to achieve my goals. If the last 6 months has taught me anything, it's that I don't appreciate myself enough. Approval from others is very often something I would seek, because it's something I cannot give myself. Such is a tragic failure of my life up to this point. It's something I desperately wanted to change, and am in process of changing.
